applications/nrf_audio: Remove prj_release.conf (#29823)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_audio/doc/building.rst

===============================

The application uses a :file:`prj.conf` configuration file located in the application root directory for the default configuration.
The application is by default built in a debug configuration. For release builds, users must specify an appropriate prj.conf file, to, among other things, reduce code size, speed up execution and avoid sensitive information being exposed over debug interfaces.

> It also uses application-specific overlay files and can use additional files for different custom configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application is by default built in a debug configuration.
If you want to create a release version, you must modify the :file:`prj.conf` file to match your project requirements (for example, reduce code size, speed up execution, and avoid sensitive information being exposed over debug interfaces - see :ref:`nrf_audio_app_configuration` for some possible options.)

Each application also uses its own application-specific overlay file and can use additional files for different custom configurations.
```

      #. Complete the steps listed on the `How to set up a build configuration`_ section in the |nRFVSC| documentation to create a build configuration.
         Depending on the configuration and applications you want to build, set the correct combination of :ref:`nrf_audio_app_building_config_files` in the extension UI:

         * :guilabel:`Base configuration files (Kconfig fragments)`:

> 
>            * For the debug version: No file selected.
>            * For the release version: :file:`prj_release.conf`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         * :guilabel:`Base configuration files (Kconfig fragments)`: No file selected. 
           The extension will automatically select :file:`prj.conf`.
```
